README.md, before:

# GommeHD.net Cheetah 1.21.7

[![Patch and Build](https://github.com/gommehdnet/cheetah/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gommehdnet/cheetah/actions/workflows/build.yml)

This is a fork of Paper tailored for the use at GommeHD.net

## How to build
- Clone this repository
- Open a shell (e.g. using Git Bash on Windows)
- On Windows, make sure that `git config core.longpaths true` is set for this project
- Run `./gradlew applyAllPatches` to apply the patches
- Run `./gradlew createMojmapBundlerJar` to create the final jar file
- The final jar file can be found in `cheetah-server/build/libs`

## How to use the API with Maven?
Currently, it is not possible to add a dependency containing NMS code, the API, and dependencies to the classpath. The current solution is to use the cheetah API combined with the normal Spigot NMS. 
Thus, changes to the NMS code will not be reflected to plugins using it.
- Run `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal` (The API artifacts are published to GommeHD.net internal repositories as well)
- Add the following maven dependency:
```
<dependency>
  <groupId>net.gommehd.cheetah</groupId>
  <artifactId>cheetah-api</artifactId>
  <version>1.21.7-R0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

## How to apply changes
- First apply the patches using `./gradlew applyAllPatches`
- Perform the changes to the code
- If you are a missing file, you can import it from NMS. For this, add a new line to `build-data/dev-imports.txt`, e.g. `minecraft net.minecraft.world.level.entity.LevelEntityGetterAdapter` to import the LevelEntityGetterAdapter. Then apply the patches again (`./gradlew applyPatches`). Keep in mind that all uncommited changes to the code will get LOST by this!
- Once all changes have been applied, switch to the subproject in your shell (`cd cheetah-server` or `cd cheetah-api`) and run `git add .`. Then, commit your changes using `git commit -m "NAME OF PATCH"`
- Switch back to the project root and rebuild the patches: `./gradlew rebuildPatches`
- Commit the changed patch files the `patches/` folder to the root git repository

## Update upstream
- Make sure all changes are committed and patches have been rebuilt
- Identify the latest commit in https://github.com/PaperMC/Paper/commits/main/ and copy its hash. Update `paperRef` in `gradle.properties` accordingly.
- Run `./gradlew applyAllPatches`
- Fix potential conflicts during merges and update your code to the latest version
- Run `./gradlew rebuildPaperSingleFilePatches`
- Validate that everything works and commit your changes

## Contributing
Only pull requests of the GommeHD.net dev team members are accepted. If you want to add a patch others could benefit from as well, consider submitting it to the upstream (https://github.com/PaperMC/Paper).

Commit message:

Update "How to apply changes" section in README.md

README.md, after:

# GommeHD.net Cheetah 1.21.7

[![Patch and Build](https://github.com/gommehdnet/cheetah/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gommehdnet/cheetah/actions/workflows/build.yml)

This is a fork of Paper tailored for the use at GommeHD.net

## How to build
- Clone this repository
- Open a shell (e.g. using Git Bash on Windows)
- On Windows, make sure that `git config core.longpaths true` is set for this project
- Run `./gradlew applyAllPatches` to apply the patches
- Run `./gradlew createMojmapBundlerJar` to create the final jar file
- The final jar file can be found in `cheetah-server/build/libs`

## How to use the API with Maven?
Currently, it is not possible to add a dependency containing NMS code, the API, and dependencies to the classpath. The current solution is to use the cheetah API combined with the normal Spigot NMS. 
Thus, changes to the NMS code will not be reflected to plugins using it.
- Run `./gradlew publishToMavenLocal` (The API artifacts are published to GommeHD.net internal repositories as well)
- Add the following maven dependency:
```
<dependency>
  <groupId>net.gommehd.cheetah</groupId>
  <artifactId>cheetah-api</artifactId>
  <version>1.21.7-R0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

## How to apply changes
- First apply the patches using `./gradlew applyAllPatches`
- Perform the changes to the code
- If you are a missing file, you can import it from NMS. For this, add a new line to `build-data/dev-imports.txt`, e.g. `minecraft net.minecraft.world.level.entity.LevelEntityGetterAdapter` to import the LevelEntityGetterAdapter. Then apply the patches again (`./gradlew applyPatches`). Keep in mind that all uncommited changes to the code will get LOST by this!
- Once all changes have been applied, choose the appropriate tasks based on what you modified:
- Run `./gradlew fixupPaperApiFilePatches` and `./gradlew rebuildPaperApiFilePatches` to create and apply a patch file for `cheetah-api/paper-patches/files`
- Run `./gradlew fixupPaperServerFilePatches` and `./gradlew rebuildServerFilePatches` to create and apply a patch file for `cheetah-server/paper-patches/files`
- Run `./gradlew fixupMinecraftSourcePatches` and `./gradlew rebuildMinecraftSourcePatches` to create and apply a patch file for `cheetah-server/minecraft-patches/sources`
- Test your changes thoroughly and commit the generated patch files to the root repository

## Update upstream
- Make sure all changes are committed and patches have been rebuilt
- Identify the latest commit in https://github.com/PaperMC/Paper/commits/main/ and copy its hash. Update `paperRef` in `gradle.properties` accordingly.
- Run `./gradlew applyAllPatches`
- Fix potential conflicts during merges and update your code to the latest version
- Run `./gradlew rebuildPaperSingleFilePatches`
- Validate that everything works and commit your changes

## Contributing
Only pull requests of the GommeHD.net dev team members are accepted. If you want to add a patch others could benefit from as well, consider submitting it to the upstream (https://github.com/PaperMC/Paper).
